# Overflow

#### What everyone needs to know

* A project can set distribution limits from its treasury on a per funding cycle basis using the [`JBController.launchProjectFor(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/write/launchprojectfor.md) and [`JBController.reconfigureFundingCyclesOf(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/write/reconfigurefundingcyclesof.md) transactions. These limits are stored in [`JBController.distributionLimitOf(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/read/distributionlimitof.md). Any funds that are in the project's Juicebox treasury that it hasn't specified as distributable is considered overflow.
* Overflow serves as a projects runway since a project's future funding cycles can tap into it within the bounds of the preconfigured distribution limits.
* By default, overflow also serves a means for allowing community members to exit with a portion of the treasury's funds in hand. Any funds in overflow are claimable by the project's community by redeeming/burning community tokens. Projects can override or extend this functionality using a custom [data source](data-source.md).
* Projects can manage how much money is in overflow, and therefor how much each member can exit with, by either adjusting its distribution limits or by using a custom redemption extension.
* A project can set overflow allowances from its treasury on a per funding cycle configuration basis within the [`JBController.launchProjectFor(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/write/launchprojectfor.md) and [`JBController.reconfigureFundingCyclesOf(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/write/reconfigurefundingcyclesof.md) transactions. These allowances are stored in [`JBController.overflowAllowancesOf(...)`](../../api/contracts/or-controllers/jbcontroller/read/overflowallowanceof.md). A project's owner can distribute the project's funds from its overflow on-demand up until the preconfigured allowance. Overflow allowances do not reset each funding cycle, they last until a funding cycle reconfiguration is made.

