---
title: Acceptable Use Policy
#sidebar position:
---

# Acceptable Use Policy (AUP)

This Acceptable Use Policy (the "Agreement") sets forth the terms and conditions of Your Use of hosting and related services ("Services"). In this Agreement "You" and "Your" refer to You, as the user of Our Services, or any agent, employee, servant or person authorized to act on Your behalf. "We", "us" and "our" refer to TreasuryDAO (“TreasuryDAO”). This Agreement explains Our obligations to You, and explains Your obligations to Us for various services offered by TreasuryDAO. When You Use Your account or permit someone else to Use it to purchase or otherwise acquire access to additional TreasuryDAO service(s) or products or to cancel Your TreasuryDAO service(s) (even if We were not notified of such authorization), this Agreement covers such service or actions. TreasuryDAO’s Terms of Service agreement (“TOS”) is incorporated herein by reference and is applicable to all Services under this Accepted Use Policy.

### User Obligations.

You represent and warrant to TreasuryDAO that: Your content does not and shall not contain any content, materials, data, work, trade or service mark, trade name, link, advertising or services that actually or potentially violate any applicable law or regulation or infringe or misappropriate any proprietary, intellectual property, contract or tort right of any person and that You own Your account content and all proprietary or intellectual property rights therein, or have express written authorization from the owner to copy, use and display the content on and within Your Treasury account. You also represent and warrant that the server content being hosted by TreasuryDAO shall not be used in connection with any illegal activity.

You expressly (i) grant to TreasuryDAO permission to cache the entirety of the content that is submitted, stored, distributed or disseminated by you via the Services and your website, including content supplied by third parties, hosted by TreasuryDAO under this agreement; and (ii) agree that such caching is not an infringement on any of your intellectual property rights or any third party’s intellectual property rights.

### Prohibited Activities.

By using any Services, provided by TreasuryDAO You agree:

not to violate the laws, regulations, ordinances or other such requirements of any applicable Federal, State or local government.

not to transmit any unsolicited commercial or bulk email, not to be engaged in any activity known or considered to be spamming or Mail Bombing.

not to make any illegal communication to any Newsgroup, Mailing List, Chat Facility, or another Internet Forum.

not to make, attempt or allow any unauthorized access to TreasuryDAO website, servers, your own hosting account or the account of any other users of TreasuryDAO.

not to allow any remote code execution of malicious software through the hosting account provided by TreasuryDAO.

not to cause denial of service attacks, port scans or other endangering and invasive procedures against TreasuryDAO servers and facilities or the servers and facilities of other network hosts or Internet users.

not to forge the signature or other identifying mark or code of any other person or engage in any activity to attempt to deceive other persons regarding the true identity of the User.

not to use TreasuryDAO services to host any website, other content, links or advertisements of websites that: infringe any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary rights of any third party information; contain nudity, pornography or other content deemed adult related; profess hatred for particular social, ethnical, religious or other group; contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of a computer or a person's property; contain warez; contain any kind of proxy server or other traffic relaying programs; promote money making schemes, multi-level marketing or similar activities; contain lottery, gambling, casino; contain torrent trackers, torrent Portals or similar software; violent or encouraging violence.

not to upload unacceptable material which includes: IRC bots, warez, image, file storage, mirror, or banner-ad services, topsites, streaming, Escrow, High-Yield Interest Programs (HYIP) or related sites, investment sites (FOREX, E-Gold Exchange, etc), cryptocurrency miners, sale of any controlled substances without providing proof of appropriate permit(s) in advance, AutoSurf sites, Bank Debentures, Bank Debenture Trading Programs, Prime Banks Programs, lottery sites, muds / rpg's, hate sites, hacking focused sites/archives/programs, or sites promoting illegal activities, IP Scanners, Brute Force Programs, Mail Bombers and Spam Scripts.

not to engage in or to instigate actions that cause harm to TreasuryDAO or other users. Such actions include, but are not limited to, actions resulting in blacklisting any of Our IPs by the any online spam database, actions resulting in DDOS attacks for any servers, etc. TreasuryDAO reserves the right to refuse service to anyone upon Our discretion. Any material that in TreasuryDAO judgment, is either obscene or threatening is strictly prohibited and will be removed from TreasuryDAO servers immediately with or without prior notice and may lead to possible warning, suspension or immediate account termination with no refund. You agree that We have the sole right to decide what constitutes a violation of the acceptable policy use described above as well as what is the appropriate severity of any corrective action to be applied. In the event that a violation of Our Acceptable Use Policy is found, TreasuryDAO will take corrective action upon our own discretion and will notify You. TreasuryDAO decision in such case is binding and final, and cannot be a subject of a further change. TreasuryDAO cannot and shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Our measures against actions causing harm to TreasuryDAO or any other third party. We have the right to terminate each and any hosting account that has been suspended for any reason for more than 14 calendar days after the suspension date, unless You has taken corrective measures to remove the initial suspension threat or violation. Any backup copies of the hosting account will be permanently deleted upon termination and no refund will be due. TreasuryDAO will not be liable for any loss or damages in such cases.

not to violate the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act of 2008 or similar legislation, or promote, encourage or engage in the sale or distribution of prescription medication without a valid prescription.

At its discretion, TreasuryDAO reserves the right to investigate the use of its services for violations of its policies. This includes all hosting packages and services. TreasuryDAO further reserves the right to remove any content we determine to be prohibited by this agreement or our Terms and Conditions. No backups will be kept of removed content.

### TreasuryDAO Reservation of Rights.

TreasuryDAO explicitly reserves the right and sole discretion to: (i) modify its pricing, if desired by TreasuryDAO; (ii) establish limits and guidelines concerning the use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products; (iii) terminate Your use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products for use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products to unnecessarily or illegally harass TreasuryDAO or third parties, non-payment of fees for TreasuryDAO services and/or products, activities designed to defame, embarrass, harm, abuse, threaten, slander or harass third parties, activities prohibited by the laws of the United States and/or foreign territories in which You conduct business, activities designed to encourage unlawful behavior by others, such as hate crimes, terrorism and child pornography, activities that are tortuous, vulgar, obscene, invasive of the privacy of a third party, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable in the sole opinion of TreasuryDAO, activities designed to impersonate the identity of a third party, activities designed to harm minors in any way, and other activities whether lawful or unlawful that TreasuryDAO determines, in its sole discretion, to be harmful to its other users, operations, or reputation; (iv) terminate Your use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products if Your use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products may results in, results in, or is the subject of, legal action or threatened or proposed legal action, against TreasuryDAO or any of its affiliates or partners, without consideration for whether such legal action or threatened or proposed legal action is eventually determined to be with or without merit; and (v) terminate Your use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products at any time and for any reason if deemed reasonably necessary by TreasuryDAO. TreasuryDAO has no obligation to monitor Your use of TreasuryDAO services and/or products, but reserves the right in its sole discretion to do so.

### Indemnification.

Accordingly, You for Yourself and all of Your heirs, personal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, hereby fully release, remise, and forever discharge TreasuryDAO and all affiliates of TreasuryDAO, and all officers, agents, employees, and representatives of TreasuryDAO, and all of their heirs, personal representatives, predecessors, successors and assigns, for, from and against any and all claims, liens, demands, causes of action, controversies, offsets, obligations, losses, damages and liabilities of every kind and character whatsoever, including, but not limited to, any action omission, misrepresentation or other basis of liability founded either in tort or contract and the duties arising thereunder, whether known or unknown, relating to or arising out of, or in any way connected with or resulting from, the Services and Your acquisition and use thereof, including, but not limited to, the provision of the TreasuryDAO products and/or services by TreasuryDAO and its agents and employees. Further, You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TreasuryDAO and any of its contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates and assigns from any loss, liability, damages or expense, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of (i) any breach of any representation or warranty provided in this Agreement, or as provided by TreasuryDAO’s AUP or any other agreement that has been incorporated by reference herein; (ii) the Services or your use of the Services, including without limitation infringement or dilution by You or by another using the Services from Your computer; (iii) any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or entity; (iv) any information or data You supplied to TreasuryDAO, including, without limitation, any misrepresentation in Your application, if applicable; (v) the inclusion of metatags or other elements in any website created for you or by you via the Services; (vi) any information, material, or services available on your TreasuryDAO hosted website; or (vii), any negligence or willful misconduct by You, or any allegation that Your account infringes a third person's copyright, trademark or proprietary or intellectual property right, or misappropriates a third person's trade secrets.

This indemnification is in addition to any indemnification required of You elsewhere. Should TreasuryDAO be notified of a pending law suit, or receive notice of the filing of a law suit, TreasuryDAO may seek a written confirmation from You concerning Your obligation to defend, indemnify TreasuryDAO. Such written confirmation may include the posting of performance bonds or other guarantees. Your failure to provide such a confirmation may be considered a breach of this agreement. You agree that TreasuryDAO shall have the right to participate in the defense of any such claim through counsel of its own choosing. You agree to notify TreasuryDAO of any such claim promptly in writing and to allow TreasuryDAO to control the proceedings. You agree to cooperate fully with TreasuryDAO during such proceedings. The terms of this section will survive any termination or cancellation of this Agreement.

### Trademark or Copyright Claims.

TreasuryDAO is a service provider and respects the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of others [and herein incorporates its Copyright Infringement Policy]. To the extent TreasuryDAO receives a proper notice of infringement of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property, TreasuryDAO reserves the right to access, preserve and disclose to third parties any of Your information or data (including personally identifiable information and private communications) related to a written complaint of infringement if TreasuryDAO believes in its sole discretion that such access, preservation, or disclosure is necessary or useful to respond to or otherwise address such complaint.

### No Agency Relationship.

Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between the parties hereto. Each party shall ensure that the foregoing persons shall not represent to the contrary, either expressly, implicitly, by appearance or otherwise.

### Enforceability.

In the event that any provision of this Agreement shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render this Agreement unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent as reflected in the original provision.

### Force Majeure.

Neither party shall be deemed in default hereunder, nor shall it hold the other party responsible for, any cessation, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder due to causes beyond its control including, but not limited to: earthquake; flood; fire; storm; natural disaster; act of God; war; terrorism; armed conflict; labor strike; lockout; boycott; supplier failures, shortages, breaches, or delays; or any law, order regulation, direction, action or request of the government, including any federal, state and local governments having or claiming jurisdiction over TreasuryDAO, or of any department, agency, commission, bureau, corporation or other instrumentality of any federal, state, or local government, or of any civil or military authority; or any other cause or circumstance, whether of a similar or dissimilar nature to the foregoing, beyond the reasonable control of the affected party, provided that the party relying upon this section (i) shall have given the other party written notice thereof promptly and, in any event, within 60 (sixty) days of discovery thereof and (ii) shall take all steps reasonably necessary under the circumstances to mitigate the effects of the force majeure event upon which such notice is based; provided further, that in the event a force majeure event described in this Section extends for a period in excess of ninety (90) days in the aggregate, TreasuryDAO may immediately terminate this Agreement.

### Headings.

The section headings appearing in this Agreement are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section or in any way affect such section.
